p video then I'm going to go do
wonderful work out and I wanted to share
with you something that I kind of
actually learned from my father and so
basically it's the kind of semi homemade
pita chips it is from um I guess they're
called Toph lion a whole wheat pita
chips um I get them from like Walmart
and things like that and I guess normal
cursors happen but they're only like a
doll or something at walmart the
superstore ones um anyway so I I don't
know if you can see what I'm doing right
here let me show you really quick um
anyway so I have like the Peter right
here and I'm going to slice it so um
basically i'll move it so you guys can
see I slice it straight down the middle
and then I slice both of those again to
make it bores down the other middle and
then I take each side and stack them so
that they kind of measure like this and
then I slice those down the middle and
then after you've sliced both those in I
stack them because then it goes quicker
but and then after you slice both of
those isolate the fuller ones on the
middle and
okay so so um after you have sliced up
you get these little triangle if you
will little triangle things and
basically what i do is then I pull it
apart and you just lay them on your pan
and wherever he can fit them on your
pretty crowded right now and you just
kind of um some of them may come apart I
usually just put it all on the tray
anyway but I'm getting crumbs all over
me and once you get them apart and I'll
spread out on the pan what you want to
do is I have some light olive oil
cooking spray which is some generic
brand berkeley and ginseng from like I
think it was Sam's Club baby uh-huh and
then you would just spray lightly and
then I don't spring a lot because then
they get kind of heavy this up and then
I use some of my mrs. dash table blend
and I shake it on top and as you can see
i'm running pretty low and then for sake
of the video i'm not going to get out
the new one but um and then i used
cayenne pepper cayenne pepper kind of
has an extra kick to it so um i love it
and all the girls was headed up plan you
know how much you love your kind of
pepper um and you basically just
sprinkle it on top as well and and it's
just kind of like i usually just tap it
a little as I sprinkle it because if you
get too much on their kind of will
overpower it and you can put these on
like i said i'm out of sea salt but i'm
going to leave it off anyways this time
i was actually going to buy some but i
decided not to i'm going to try and
without it I I've done them before
without it and it's still really good
and you preheat oven at 275 you're going
to cook these for 20 minutes and I'm
basically so this is kind of what it
looks like on the tray and they're like
lightly sprite and then that's just kind
of the spices stick to them also if you
go to that if you're on the diet plan
for tone it up
if you go to the approved spices then
you'll see there's a lot of other
choices you can put tons of things on
here but your money's dry spices so they
actually stick to them and and there's
my kitty is and he's very talkative
tonight as we can tell and anyway so
you'll stick them in the oven and we'll
see you in 20 minutes
I started take out the pita chips and I
got one more area that was just on the
bottom Linton did a quick bikini strap
work it out turn it up ow sorry anyways
they're hot and and then I put the other
Tim guacamole it is the avocado I'm it's
a half of an avocado about two
tablespoons of Greek yogurt and um it is
the toning up walk and recipe that that
is with the kale chips well it's in
there too somewhere I don't know um
anyways and instead of just chopping the
avocado though I kind of wished it a
little with a spoon and put the Greek
yogurt it gives it more of a guacamole
texture um and so here is a gorgeous
little chip and it looks like that and
you can see the cayenne pepper may have
put a little too much talk about they be
careful that was our I'm kind of getting
hoarse um I was home this past week for
vacation losing my parents and my mom
had laryngitis I think i mighta class
something but anyways and I'm all sweaty
of course cuz what better time to makea
then after i work out i always do
alright so let's try this and this is
just gorgeous look at that mmm
mom where's Mona do I turned up shake
dance these are so good oh my gosh so
got your star delicious I did put a
tattoo much cayenne pepper um maybe just
be careful with that little spicy but i
like it spicy i also wanted to show you
guys I make kale chips this week so
there's my kill trip and you know you
can put like a little bit of rock on
them and they are delish mmm love kale
love kale chips any way you can get it I
love it anyways i'll post a recipe in
the info below subscribe levy guys and
i'll have some new pie recipe seen all
right the awesome girls hi my name is
bob and i approve this